Feature/tinymce5update 3 releases 6 to 5.10 (#2315)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/release-notes5101.adoc

* `ephox-image-proxy.war`: 2.105.5

This version requires Java 8 or higher. For information on the removal of Java 7 support, see: xref:release-notes/release-notes53.adoc#removalofjava7support[Removal of Java 7 support for TinyMCE 5.3 and later].

For information on:

* The Spell Checker Pro plugin, see: xref:plugins/premium/tinymcespellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro plugin].
* The Link Checker plugin, see: xref:plugins/premium/linkchecker.adoc[Link Checker plugin].
* The Image Tools plugin, see: xref:plugins/opensource/imagetools.adoc[Image Tools plugin].
* The Enhanced Media Embed plugin, see: xref:plugins/premium/mediaembed.adoc[Enhanced Media Embed plugin].
* Deploying the server-side components, see: xref:enterprise/server/index.adoc[Server-side component installation].

=== Security related dependency update for all 3 server-side services

IMPORTANT: During further scans, some vulnerable dependencies were missed in this release. As such, these security issues have not been resolved in the 5.10.1 release and will be resolved in an upcoming release. Note that no details of the security vulnerabilities have been publicly disclosed at the time of release.

> +++<del>+++All 3 server-side components have been updated to include dependency updates addressing security issues. This includes _High_ severity vulnerability fixes.+++</del>+++

Reviewer: This is sort of a hack since it's using passthroughs and the AsciiDoc documentation suggests using this instead: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/text/text-span-built-in-roles/#built-in-roles-for-text
```suggestion
[.line-through]
All 3 server-side components have been updated to include dependency updates addressing security issues. This includes _High_ severity vulnerability fixes.
```

Author: done

* The insert table grid menu displayed an incorrect size when re-opening the grid.
* The word count plugin was treating the zero width space character (`+&#8203;+`) as a word.

[[securityfixes]]
== Security fixes

{productname} 5.10.1 provides fixes for the following security issues:

IMPORTANT: During further scans, some vulnerable dependencies were missed in this release. As such, these security issues have not been resolved in the 5.10.1 release and will be resolved in an upcoming release. Note that no details of the security vulnerabilities have been publicly disclosed at the time of release.

> +++<del>+++All 3 server-side components have been updated to include dependency updates addressing security issues. This includes _High_ severity vulnerability fixes.+++</del>+++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[.line-through]
All 3 server-side components have been updated to include dependency updates addressing security issues. This includes _High_ severity vulnerability fixes.
```

Author: done

> +++<del>+++For information on the server-side components updates, see: xref:accompanyingpremiumself-hostedserver-sidecomponentchanges[Accompanying Premium self-hosted server-side component changes].+++</del>+++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[.line-through]
For information on the server-side components updates, see: xref:accompanyingpremiumself-hostedserver-sidecomponentchanges[Accompanying Premium self-hosted server-side component changes].
```

Author: done
